Oh, we tested it on Android and all of a sudden our firebase function isn't working.
What's going on here?
Well, I'll tell you what's going on on Android by default http you URLs do not work.
It will only work if it's an https URL and in that case it will actually retrieve information.
Now the problem here is that our local firebase function does not run an HTTPS mode, so this is going
to be a problem.
What we can do then is we if if we wanted to test it on Android locally, we could just run it directly
against the live host, which means you would need to publish your app firebase functions and then it
would work consistently.
This is a shortcoming of firebase functions locally.
They cannot run on https.
So the only way to test on Android when using firebase functions is directly against the live host.
Just something to keep in mind here.